README.md, before:

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/MickaelMaison)
[![Stack Overflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/StackOverflow-FE7A16?logo=stackoverflow&logoColor=white)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/1765189/mickael-maison?tab=profile)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mickaelmaison/)
[![Mastodon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mastodon-5855DE?logo=mastodon&logoColor=white)](https://mas.to/@MickaelMaison)

- 👨‍🔧 I’m a software engineer working at Red Hat
- 💻 I’m a committer and the chair of the Project Management Committee for [Apache Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/)
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him

# 📝 Recent Blog Posts

- [Kafka Monthly Digest: October 2023](https://developers.redhat.com/blog/2023/11/02/kafka-monthly-digest-october-2023)
- [Kafka Monthly Digest: September 2023](https://developers.redhat.com/blog/2023/10/02/kafka-monthly-digest-september-2023)
- [Kafka Monthly Digest: August 2023](https://developers.redhat.com/blog/2023/09/01/kafka-monthly-digest-august-2023)
- [Kafka Monthly Digest: July 2023](https://developers.redhat.com/blog/2023/07/31/kafka-monthly-digest-july-2023)
- [Apache Kafka 3.5.0 Release Announcement](https://kafka.apache.org/blog#apache_kafka_350_release_announcement)

# 💬 Talks

- [MirrorMaker: Beyond the Basics](https://www.confluent.io/events/kafka-summit-london-2023/mirrormaker-beyond-the-basics/) - Kafka Summit London 2023
- [Getting up to speed with Kafka Connect](https://www.confluent.io/en-gb/events/kafka-summit-london-2022/getting-up-to-speed-with-kafka-connect-from-the-basics-to-the-latest/) - Kafka Summit London 2022
- [Developer’s guide to contributing code to Kafka](https://www.confluent.io/events/kafka-summit-london-2022/developers-guide-to-contributing-code-to-kafka/) - Kafka Summit London 2022
- [Getting up to Speed with MirrorMaker 2](https://www.confluent.io/resources/kafka-summit-2020/getting-up-to-speed-with-mirrormaker-2/) - Kafka Summit 2020
- [Fast Kafka Apps!](https://www.confluent.io/kafka-summit-lon19/fast-kafka-apps/) - Kafka Summit London 2019

# 📘 Book

- [Kafka Connect - Build and Run Data Pipelines](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/kafka-connect/9781098126520/) - O'Reilly 2023

Commit message:

Add Getting started with tiered storage article

README.md, after:

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/MickaelMaison)
[![Stack Overflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/StackOverflow-FE7A16?logo=stackoverflow&logoColor=white)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/1765189/mickael-maison?tab=profile)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mickaelmaison/)
[![Mastodon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mastodon-5855DE?logo=mastodon&logoColor=white)](https://mas.to/@MickaelMaison)

- 👨‍🔧 I’m a software engineer working at Red Hat
- 💻 I’m a committer and the chair of the Project Management Committee for [Apache Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/)
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him

# 📝 Recent Blog Posts

- [Getting started with tiered storage in Apache Kafka](https://developers.redhat.com/articles/2023/11/22/getting-started-tiered-storage-apache-kafka)
- [Kafka Monthly Digest: October 2023](https://developers.redhat.com/blog/2023/11/02/kafka-monthly-digest-october-2023)
- [Kafka Monthly Digest: September 2023](https://developers.redhat.com/blog/2023/10/02/kafka-monthly-digest-september-2023)
- [Kafka Monthly Digest: August 2023](https://developers.redhat.com/blog/2023/09/01/kafka-monthly-digest-august-2023)
- [Kafka Monthly Digest: July 2023](https://developers.redhat.com/blog/2023/07/31/kafka-monthly-digest-july-2023)
- [Apache Kafka 3.5.0 Release Announcement](https://kafka.apache.org/blog#apache_kafka_350_release_announcement)

# 💬 Talks

- [MirrorMaker: Beyond the Basics](https://www.confluent.io/events/kafka-summit-london-2023/mirrormaker-beyond-the-basics/) - Kafka Summit London 2023
- [Getting up to speed with Kafka Connect](https://www.confluent.io/en-gb/events/kafka-summit-london-2022/getting-up-to-speed-with-kafka-connect-from-the-basics-to-the-latest/) - Kafka Summit London 2022
- [Developer’s guide to contributing code to Kafka](https://www.confluent.io/events/kafka-summit-london-2022/developers-guide-to-contributing-code-to-kafka/) - Kafka Summit London 2022
- [Getting up to Speed with MirrorMaker 2](https://www.confluent.io/resources/kafka-summit-2020/getting-up-to-speed-with-mirrormaker-2/) - Kafka Summit 2020
- [Fast Kafka Apps!](https://www.confluent.io/kafka-summit-lon19/fast-kafka-apps/) - Kafka Summit London 2019

# 📘 Book

- [Kafka Connect - Build and Run Data Pipelines](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/kafka-connect/9781098126520/) - O'Reilly 2023
